sales: Fix typo (#3628)
FlowFuse/website: src/handbook/sales/engagements.md

### Steps for the AE to complete

> 1. Verify, again, if the quote has all the rigth properties set according to

Reviewer: 1. Verify, again, if the quote has all the right properties set according to

Author: ```suggestion
Verify, again, if the quote has all the right properties set according to
```
